Running.Well, I don't think it's running the right thing.It is. It is functioning.What erse. Beyond cop of words.Like.I.Comb R file. Okay, that like everyone.I mean, this is space. Almost everyone. He's still working on his section.Or Texas 13 per.Okay. I think that's the easiest way. Okay. Put it five values, but you just want to map them. Math. Math. That's a it for Cap related mapping it up on the.Don't me cast a.I.Two days same times have.Here.Wait. Okay. We can do that. We can just do a. A. Okay.Vectors, we.Trans. It literally just it. So it is always.This still work. And it should. It takes fucking agents.It takes so long it takes actual ages.But good news is don't work very.Available.Okay. This is what it is, right? Yeah. I'm trying.I'm above your code.Even have like a St session start.Did.How.I don't have it added, but I have like more session state.Code you send you my session.So.Shown up fuck.Welling is still missing a button from your implementation. I might have missed something. No, it's just broken. Like it won't even show up. Five record the live recording. The Sidebar is going to load.Uncle the last time on it. Okay.So it doesn't work.Is missing the button.Can.It.Here. I I'm just making sure everything works at current state.Like at least God. Okay, so this works.Okay, your code is a fucking ghost, bro.Never pay it off.That's not where. That's not what I want.Okay, everything. I just moved it to the top and then not didn't delete everything.Okay. So first.Ok.What have this.Yeah.Well, it up, up.Now push it to.If it works, push it to your brands.And then we can that just the name.Okay. I need to do one more thing before we do that.I want to add one more thing. Okay, you can update.Yeah. I need to do something here, too. Forgot about that one.So laptop recording.Okay.Okay. All of you all.My should.Okay. I'm fucking nap.It's so weird how it work on my end, but it doesn't work on urine.Okay. So if this is running correctly.And it will pop up on the left side.So does.Okay. Now it well, Gray. Well, pop up the Sidebar.Eventually. Like, Wait, now it doesn't fucking print out the what? Now the finish button doesn't.Okay. Well, talk about no get.We literally just go through the functionality and just like, yeah, and look a alive.My.Okay.It doesn't work.Going to start with start recording, so start.